# User Stories
*********************************************************************
## Marketing Research Team
* Alice: Alice is a forty-five year-old Product Manager looking for user interface data to improve her company's business logic, so they know what kinds of products to introduce more of. Alice is especially interested in how many clicks each product gets. Additionally, how many clicks lead to purchases for a product? (Outside the scope of this project.)
* Bianca: Bianca gathers all user click data to present to Alice. She is a programming/data analytics ace and is confident that she can parse any table in any language. She doesn't love needing to look at the front-end to gather her data, but it's what Alice wants and she's fine with it as long as it's neatly organized. Organized presentation of data is her priority.
* Claire: Claire is the marketing intern who helps out Bianca. She doesn't know how to parse data in the backend, so she doesn't share Bianca's frustration. She doesn't know technical terms at all, so she needs to be able to read the data without that expertise. Her priority is being able to understand all of the front end output without understanding tech-speak.
* Diana: Diana implements the company's actual marketing - social media, more traditional advertising - and frequently meets with Alice to discuss Alice's team's findings. Alice doesn't know much about data, just wants clear-cut recommendations on what users want. As long as the data returns what users are choosing with no glitches so Alice can translate it to her, she is happy.

## Developer
* Erin: Erin got Bianca's dream job, the ability to live in the backend forever and always, though she also does some front end. She just sacked another backend dev on behalf of her company because she wrote horribly-architected code that constantly put them behind deadline. Erin wanted to work on this project to ensure it wouldn't be messed up like the legacy code, but has been kept busy by constantly trying to keep her company's legacy code from imploding based on the fired dev's code. She desperately wants you to hand her an elegantly-architected program for her team to maintain, and if you impress her, you'll have a good connection for life. Her priority is good architecture that she is never called to clean on behalf of others. Can you meet Erin's high standards?
* Farrah: Farrah is more front-end focused, and also wanted your job. She is newer to the company than Erin, and wants to prove herself. While Erin will supervise her, she will be the one who is assigned to maintain the code you build unless she needs help. She kind of wants some bugs because she wants to show she can fix them, but also doesn't because she isn't confident in her debugging skills. Right now she hopes there isn't a single red message when she opens the console on the site you build.
* Geraldina: Geraldina is this team's intern. She originally learned to code using Python, and is learning JavaScript through her experience with this company. She still feels a bit shaky on JavaScript, and prioritizes easy-to-follow architecture.
* Hippolyta: Hippolyta mainly works at Pinterest, but freelances a bit to provide an extra set of hands to this company. She unofficially provides some mentorship to Farrah also, and hopes she can use the program you build to ease Farrah into taking more initiative in maintaining code. She hopes your code is clean, easy to read, has good validation so her team doesn't need to do overtime again responding to mysterious errors.

## Focus Group Participant Who Will Be Using Application
* Imogen: Imogen is a twenty-six year old Seattleite who comes from Tacoma and occasionally buses back there to visit family. She doesn't like reading anything longer than a long-form article unless it's relevant to her work, likes window-shopping online/on Instagram, and has never bought anything from a catalogue, so while paper Bus Mall never caught her eye, e-Bus Mall might be something she enjoys, if somewhat grudgingly.
* Jessica: Jessica is thirty-two and follows a Tumblr called I Love Skymall for laughs. She is also the type to buy/enjoy bad things like the Cards Against Humanity promotions, so she is open to enjoying Bus Mall unabashedly.
* Korra: Korra is twenty and never paid attention to Sky Mall. She doesn't have a lot of disposable income, but can splurge on a special present and knows the kind of person who is into Sky Mall. She might look at Bus Mall to see if that person would like it similarly to Sky Mall and maybe get Christmas or birthday gift ideas.
* Lorelei: Thirty-nine year-old Lorelei vocally hates Sky Mall, calling it the White Elephant Sale of catalogues. She regularly hate-reads things, as evidenced by who she follows on Twitter and her frequent perusal of online article comments, and will probably thus take at least one look at Bus Mall. You must convince her that Bus Mall is something she can enjoy... or at least hate-buy something from.
